Where I stand I , Pi  or T 

identify the gap 

monitoring the progress for multi skill ...


JESKO score

Think in terms of I , T and Pi


Keep your profile updated as the framework tool gets the info from the profile 

ISRO 

Open banking 



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anupam/Ajmal,
As discussed with Ajmal, following is the requirements for the capstone project. 
You will have to work on a peer to peer review application. Below are the high level requirements.
Will send you a formal mail to you soon. Pls let me know if you have any issues about this problem statement:

Peer Review Application Requirements:
 
1. Upload list of participants(.csv format)
2. Fetch participants list from Sharepoint
3 Update the list from GUI
4. Trainee to upload the review content/package to the application
5. Trainee to provide a link to gitlab where he/she has uploaded the contents to be reviewed
6. Reviewer to update review feedback in the application(granular status based on review line items and qualitative comments and final completion status(completed/incomplete) to be obtained based on line item status.
7. Cannot be mutual review(A reviews B; B cannot review A).
8. Reviewer and the trainee to be kept anonymous.
9. Reviews to be assigned for multiple stages of the program independantly.
10. Final status of completion to be obtained based on individual line item status of a particular content being reviewed.
11. Mails to be triggered to the peer reviewer
12. Certification eligibility to be determined based on reviews conducted by the trainee.
13. Reports on who have completed the reviews should be generated as it is required as part of certification process.(Reviewing is mandatory to be certified).
14. Application should provide API to provide number of reviews and restricted details about the review so that it can be used to check eligibility of a trainee for certification based on his review completion status. 

1. CSV import in one component (empid, fname , lnamem, emailid )
put into database 
fetch from database 
display in table


mailer component 

2. upload the zip file 
download the zip file

